Add provider table (#95)
massalabs/docu-dev: docs/build/api/providers.mdx

---
id: providers
sidebar_label: Providers
---

# RPC Providers

> You can use any of the following providers to connect to the Massa blockchain.
> The latency experienced may vary depending on the geographical location of the provider.
> You can use multiple providers to enhance redundancy and for load balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with the Massa blockchain, you can select from any of the listed providers. Be aware that the latency you encounter may vary depending on the provider's geographical location. To enhance redundancy and facilitate load balancing, consider using multiple providers.
```
